---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_2.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 2
page: 146
page_count: 194
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:03:15.104869+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2 - Page 146

gm X

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
AUG 12 1947

[Right Margin Routing List]
Mr. Tolson
Mr. E. A. Tamm
Mr. Clegg
Mr. Glavin
Mr. Ladd
Mr. Nichols
Mr. Rosen
Mr. Tracy
Mr. Egan
Mr. Gurnea
Mr. Harbo
Mr. Mohr
Mr. Pennington
Mr. Quinn Tamm
[illegible]
Miss Candy

TELETYPE

FBI SEATTLE 8-12-47 4:05 PM PST

DIRECTOR AND SACS CHICAGO AND BUTTE URGENT

FLYING DISCS SIGHTED BY FRED CHRISMAN AND HAROLD A. DAHL, TACOMA, WN.

SM DASH X . REMYTEL AUGUST SEVEN LAST. EMIL J. SMITH, UNITED AIRLINES PILOT, INTERVIEWED RE ASSOCIATIONS WITH HAROLD A. DAHL , FRED CHRISMAN AND KENNETH ARNOLD IN TACOMA, WN., FROM JULY THIRTYONE TO AUGUST THIRD LAST. SMITH HAS RECEIVED PREVIOUS PUBLICITY FOR HAVING SEEN FLYING DISCS OR SIMILAR OBJECTS ON JULY FOURTH LAST IN COMPANY WITH HIS CO-PILOT, RALPH STEVENS, DURING ROUTINE UNITED AIRLINES FLIGHT OUT OF BOISE, IDAHO. SMITH RELATES THAT ON THURSDAY, JULY THIRTYONE LAST IN RESPONSE TO TELEPHONE CALL FROM KENNETH ARNOLD AT TACOMA. SMITH CLAIMS HE HAD PREVIOUSLY MET ARNOLD ON TWO OCCASIONS, THE FIRST TIME ON JULY FIFTH LAST IN OFFICES OF SEATTLE POST- INTELLIGENCER WHERE BOTH WERE INTERVIEWED RE FLYING DISCS THEY HAD SEEN, AND ON SECOND OCCASION IN BOISE, IDAHO, ABOUT THREE WEEKS AGO WHILE HE, SMITH, WAS PASSING THROUGH ON ROUTINE FLIGHT. ON THIS LATTER OCCASION, ARNOLD WAS IN COMPANY OF CAPTAIN DAVIDSON AND LIEUTENANT BROWN, ARMY INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS, AND A REPORTER [redacted] JOHNSON OF THE IDAHO STATESMAN NEWSPAPER. SMITH CLAIMS NO PREVIOUS ACQUAINTANCE WITH DAHL OR CHRISMAN. SMITH RELATES THAT ON NIGHT OF JULY THIRTY ONE LAST IN TACOMA, WN., THE DAHL AND CHRISMAN STORY, WHICH BOTH HAVE SUBSEQUENTLY ADMITTED TO BE FALSE WAS TOLD TO SMITH, ARNOLD , CAPTAIN DAVIDSON AND LIEUTENANT BROWN BY CHRISMAN AND DAHL. SUBSEQUEST TO THIS INTERVIEW, CHRISMAN GAVE CAPTAIN DAVIDSON AND BROWN A BOX OF THE ALLEGED FRAGMENTS WHICH THEY APPARENTLY TOOK WITH THEM ON THEIR FATAL FLIGHT. SMITH STATES THAT ON SATURDAY, AUGUST FIRST LAST, AFTER LEARNING OF THE CRASH AND DEATH OF DAVIDSON AND BROWN, ARNOLD CALLED RAYMOND PALMER, EDITOR OF THE VENTURE PRESS IN EVANSTON, ILLINOIS AND WAS TOLD BY PALMER TO DISCONTINUE HIS INVESTIGATION OF THE DAHL-CHRISMAN STORY AND TO [redacted] THE [redacted] EXPENSE MONEY WHICH MER HAD PREVIOUSLY

[Handwritten in right margin]
AND BY
OFFICE DESK

[Stamps at bottom]
RECORDED
INDEXED
62-83894
29 SEP 24 1947
EX 42
90
