---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_2.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 2
page: 24
page_count: 194
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:01:07.258242+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2 - Page 24

[Left Margin]
8/7/65
21844
how about jet
J.I.
X
2

[Top Center]
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
AUG 6 1947
TELETYPE

[Right Sidebar]
| | |
| :--- | :--- |
| Mr. Tolson | |
| Mr. E. A. Tamm | |
| Mr. Clegg | |
| Mr. Glavin | |
| Mr. Ladd | / |
| Mr. Nichols | |
| Mr. Rosen | |
| Mr. Tracy | |
| Mr. Egan | |
| Mr. Gurnea | |
| Mr. Harbo | |
| Mr. Mohr | |
| Mr. Pennington | |
| Mr. Quigley | |
| Mr. Nease | |
| Miss Candy | |

[Signature]
J. M. Coyne

FBI SEATTLE
8-6-47
7-13 PM PST
DIRECTOR FBI
URGENT

FLYING DISCS, S. M. - X. RETEL PORTLAND TO DIRECTOR , SAN FRANCISCO, AND SEATTLE AUGUST FIVE LAST. INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS MCCORD FIELD, WN., ADVISE THAT IN THEIR OPOXX OPINION AND FROM THEIR INVESTIGATION THERE IS NO QUESTION OF THE CRASH OF THE B- TWENTYFIVE AT KELSO, WN. APLXX APPROXIMATELY TWO FIFTY A. M. , AUGUST ONE LAST HAVING BEEN CAUSED BY ANY SABOTAGE. THEY STATE THEIR INVESTIGATION INDICATES THE LEFT ENGINE BURNED OUT AN EXHAUST STACK WHICH CAUSED THE WING TO BURN AND BREAK OFF. THE LEFT WING AS IT BREAK BROKE OFF TORE OFF THE TAIL AND THE PLANE CRASHED INTO THE GROUND KILLING CAPT. DAVIDSON AND LT. BROWN INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS OF THE FOURTH AIR FORCE WHO WERE RETURNING FROM MCCORD FIELD, WN., TO HAMILTON FIELD, CALIFORNIA. THE CREW CHIEF AND A HITCHHIKER PARACHUTED TO SAFETY FROM THE PLANE. ONLY FOUR MEMBERS WERE ABOARD THE PLANE, DAVIDSON AND BROWN BEING PILOT AND CO- PILOT AND HAD NO CHANCE TO ESCAPE WHEN THE WING BROKE OFF. LT. COL. DONALD L. SPRINGER, A- TWO ADJUTANT OFFICER FOR THE FOURTH AIR FORCE HAMILTON FIELD, CALIFORNIA, ADVISED THAT CAPTAIN DAVIDSON AND BROWN WERE SENT FROM HAMILTON FIELD TO INTERVIEW HAROLD A. DAHL AND FRED GRISMAN AT TACOMA, WN., REGARDING THEIR REPORT OF SEEING SOME FLYING DISCS OVER MAURY ISLAND, WN., AND THAT THEY OBTAINED SOME OF THE DISC FRAGMENTS. CRISMAN AND DAHL ARE PARTNERS IN A LUMBDER BUSINESS AT TACOMA, WAHINGTON.

[Stamps/Footer]
RECORDED INDEXED 62-83894-59
26 AUG 18 1947
55
212 COPIES DESTROYED
270 NOV 18 1964
