---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_2.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 2
page: 140
page_count: 194
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:03:02.595191+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2 - Page 140

PAGE TWO

HAMILTON FIELD, CALIFORNIA, AND CAPTAIN EMIL H.[X] SMITH OF UNITED AIR
LINES, SEATTLE, WASHINGTON TO ATTEND THE MEETING. DAHL AND CHRISMAN
CLAIM THEY TOLD THE INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS, CAPTAIN DAVIDSON AND LIEUTEN-
ANT BROWN, AS WELL AS KENNETH ARNOLD AND EMIL[X] SMITH EXACTLY HOW THEY GOT
THE ROCK FORMATIONS AND THAT THEY HAD NO CONNECTION WITH ANY FLYING DISK.
DAHL AND CHRISMAN STATE THEY FURNISHED SOME OF THE ROCK FORMATION TO THE
INTELLIGENT OFICERS AS SAMPLES. CAPTAIN DAVIDSON AND LIEUTEANT BROWN
LEFT TACOMA, WASHINGTON IN A B TWENTY FIVE TO RETURN TO HAMILTON FIELD,
CALIFORNIA ABOUT TWO THIRTY A. M. AUGUST ONE, LAST, AND WERE KILLED
WHEN THEIR PLANE CRASHED AT KELSO, WASHINGTON, AFTER THE LEFT ENGINE
BURNED OUT AN EXHAUST STACK WHICH IN TURN CAUGHT THE LEFT WING ON FIRE
AND IT BROKE OFF. THE CREW CHIEF AND EACH OFFICER PARACHUTED TO SAFETY.
ERNIE[X] VOTEL, ASSOCIATED PRESS WIREMAN, TACOMA, ADVISED THAT TWO OR THREE
DAYS AFTER THE FLYING DISK STORIES STARTED, HE CONTACTED DAHL TO CHECK
A STORY THE SEATTLE POST INTELLIGENCER HAD GOTEN[0] FRM[0] THE FIRE CHIEF AT
HARBOR, WASHINGTON, TO THE EFFECT THAT DAHL HAD SOME FLYING DISK
FRAGMENTS. AT THIS TIME DAHL ADMITTED TO VOGEL THE ENTIRE STORE WAS
FALSE. DAHL AND CHRISMAN STATE ARNOLD WAS PAID BY RAY PALMER OF THE
FANTASY MAGAZINE AND POSSIBLY THE BOISE STATEMAN-[p] SYX[p] NEWSPAER, TO COME
                                                              [HEAVY]
TO TACOMA, WASHINGTON AND OBTAIN A STORY FROM THEM REGARDING THE
FLYING DISK FRAGMENTS. THEY FURTHER STATE THAT EMIL[X] H. SMITH HAD A
                                            [BECOME]

(2)
