---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_2.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 2
page: 8
page_count: 194
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:00:47.637897+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_2 - Page 8

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
AUG 5 1947

TELETYPE

| | |
| :--- | :--- |
| | Mr. Tolson |
| | Mr. E. A. Tamm |
| | Mr. Clegg |
| | Mr. Glavin |
| | Mr. Ladd |
| | Mr. Nichols |
| | Mr. Rosen |
| | Mr. Tracy |
| | Mr. Egan |
| | Mr. Gurnea |
| | Mr. Harbo |
| | Mr. Mohr |
| | Mr. Pennington |
| | Mr. Quinn Tamm |
| | Mr. Nease |

[Handwritten in top right margin: Fletcher]

FBI DETROIT 8-5-47 5-08 PM EST JOH

DIRECTOR, FBI URGENT

UNSUBS, RAYMOND EDWARD LANE, MRS. LAURA LANE, INFORMATNTS, FLYING DISC, MISC. INFO RECEIVED FROM DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY, MIDLAND, MICHIGAN, THAT ON JULY TEN LAST RAYMOND EDWARD LANE AN EMPLOYEE OF DOW AND SUBSIDIARY SINCE ABOUT NINETEEN TWENTY TWO, BROGUTH SOME MATERIAL TO THEIR PHYSICS LABORATORY STATING THAT ABOUT FIVE [Handwritten in right margin: LIGHT] FEETEEN [Handwritten in right margin: 1-7] [Handwritten in right margin: mm] PM JULY NINE LAST HE AND WIFE, LAURA LANE, WERE WALKING IN A FIELD OWNED BY DOW AND ABOUT A HUNDRED FEET AWAY HEARD A PUFF NOISE, TURNED AND SAW A BALL OF WHITE ABOUT THE SIZE OF A BUSHEL BAKET BURNING ABOUT A FOOT OFF THE GROUND. THE FIRE DIED OUT IMMEDIATELY AND LANE LATER SCOOPED UP A THREE INCH AREA OF FUSED SAND AND TOOK THIS TO THE PHYSICS LAB. [Handwritten insertion: upon interview by [illegible] of [illegible]] BOTH COMPLAINANTS INTERVIEWED. RAYMOND TELLING SUBSTANTIALLY SAME STORY BUT WIFE RELUCTANT TO TALK AND VERY INDEFINITE ON WHAT HAPPENED. THERE ARE MAKRED DISCREPANCIES IN THEIR STORY. DOW AUTHORITIES CONSIDERED STORY FANTASTIC BUT HAVE EXAMINED MATERIAL AND STATE CONTENTS TO BE ORDINARY SAND, NOT RADIO ACTIVE, BUT GIVING OFF AMMONIA GAS, A SMALL SILVER NUGGET ALMOT PURE EXCEPT FOR SAND MISED IN IT NOT RADIO ACTIVE, MELTED SAND WHICH GIVES OFF AMMONIA ODOR, AND LITTLE DROPLETS OF SILVER MELTED IN SAND AND SOME OTHER GRAYISH COLOR IN MATERIAL WHICH IS RADIO ACTIVE. LEVEL OF RADIO ACTIVITY EXTREMELY LOW AND EMPLOYEE FORMERLY EMPLOYED BY GOVERN- MET AT LOS ALAMOS PROJECT STATES FUSED SAND HAS SOME CHARACTERISIC

[Handwritten in left margin: flying discs]

RECORDED
SE 16 62-83894-54
735 F B I
14 AUG 1947

60 OCT 1 - 1947 2/3
[Handwritten at bottom: mind [illegible] Detroit 8-8-47]
