---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_3.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 3
page: 17
page_count: 190
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:04:56.518748+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3 - Page 17

CI-R1 Report
~~CONFIDENTIAL~~

contact either Mr. Dahl or Mr. Crisman, without success. Capt Smith and Mr. Arnold departed the Tacoma area on 3 August 47, therefore, this officer did not have the opportunity of conversing with them directly.

AGENT'S NOTE: A record check was made by telephone by Mr. Brady with the Seattle Field Office, FBI, for records on Mr. Crisman and Mr. Dahl. The check on Mr. Crisman was negative. The Seattle FBI indices indicated that a Harold Dahl had been charged with two incidents of illegal wearing of the uniform and one with theft of national property. It could not be determined at the time whether Harold A. Dahl, the subject in question, and Harold Dahl of the FBI indices, was one and the same.

5. Mr. Crisman had indicated to Capt Smith, Arnold, et al, that he was a former fighter pilot and held commission as Captain in the Air Reserve.

AGENT'S NOTE: On 6 August 47, this officer checked the records of the 406th AAF BU(RT) and determined that Fred L. Crisman was registered with that Reserve Unit as Captain, Serial Number O-758951, with residence at 125 Woodland, Tacoma, Washington, Primary MOS 1054 and 1055. In 1942 he was with the Criminal Investigation Division, State of Washington, and previously had been an oil technician with the Union Pacific Railway. Crisman entered the service in 1942 as an enlisted man and served as such for seventeen months. In 1943 he was commissioned on graduation from flying school and served a total of twenty-nine months. A check of the Tacoma city directory was made on Harold A. Dahl, which indicated his home was at 3903 E. Gobe St., telephone: Proctor 7117. Business address was listed as 235 Middle Waterway; telephone: Broadway 7733.

RECOMMENDATION:

1. That no further investigation be undertaken on this specific incident by Army Air Force personnel.

2. That in view of the reported statements by Mr. Crisman, that consideration be given to revoke his Air Reserve commission and flying status as an undesirable and unreliable officer.

8 Incls:
1. Photostat, ltr fr R.A. Palmer.
2. Photostat, telegram fr Dave Johnson.
3. to 7. Photographs, Unidentified Substance.
8. Final Mission Report, Air Rescue Service.

W.D., P.M.G. Form No. 110
~~CONFIDENTIAL~~
