---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_3.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 3
page: 143
page_count: 190
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:08:19.964459+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3 - Page 143

[Handwritten: 1]
[Handwritten: H2]

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION

AUG 14 1947
[Handwritten: Ovm]
TELETYPE

[Handwritten: (RS)] [Handwritten: Fletcher] [Handwritten: FB]

| |
| :--- |
| Mr. Tolson |
| Mr. K. A. Tamm |
| Mr. Clegg |
| Mr. Glavin |
| Mr. Ladd |
| Mr. Nichols |
| Mr. Rosen |
| Mr. Tracy |
| Mr. Egan |
| Mr. Gurnea |
| Mr. Harbo |
| Mr. Mohr |
| Mr. Pennington |
| Mr. Quinn Tamm |
| Mr. Nease |
| Mr. Gandy |

FBI SEATTLE 8-14-47 5-21 PM

DIRECTOR FBI URGENT

[Handwritten: ~~L. R.~~] BRUMMETT. [Handwritten: ~~SID~~] DECKER. [Underlined: FLYING DISCS.] INTERNAL SCURITY-X.

AUGUST FOURTEEN NINETEEN FORTYSEVEN SEATTLE POST INTELLIGENCER PUBLISHED ARTICLE TO EFFECT THAT L. R. BRUMMETT, BOX TWO FIVE FOUR REDMOND, WASH, AND SIDNEY DECKER BOX TWO NINE SIX REDMOND, WASHINGTON HAD SIGHTED TWO DISCS AT APPROXIMATELY NINE AM AUGUST THIRTEEN NINETEEN FORTYSEVEN. UPON INTERVIEW DECKER STATED THAT TWO VERY BRIGHT OJECTS [Handwritten: 1-72] TRAVELING AT AN EXTREME RATE OF SPEED WERE NOTICED BY HIM AS HEWAS [Handwritten: lit] STANDING NEAR THE REDMOND POST OFFICE. [Handwritten: am] DECKER DESCRIBED THE OBJECTS AS HAVING NO WINGS, NO TAIL, AND BOTH ENDS WERE TAPERED. DECKER ADDED THAT THE OBJECTS RESEMBLED A BELLY TANK AND THAT THEY WERE NOISELESS. THE OBJECTS WERE VERY BRIGHT AND TRAVELING IN A NORTHEASTERLY DIRECTION OVER REDMOND, WASHINGTON, ONE A BIT BEHIND AND A LITTLE ABOVE THE OTHER MAINTAINING EQUAL RATES OF SPEED FOR APPROXIMATELY EIGHT SECONDS AT WHICH TIME THEY DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW. DECKER ADDED THAT THEY WERE HIGHER THAN A PLANE GENERALLY TRAVELS. BRUMMETT ADVISED THAT HE NOTICED THE OBJECTS AND CALLED DECKERS ATTENTION TO THEM AND ALSO POINTED THEM OUT TO A MRS MAMIE ENGLISH. BRUMMETT STATED THAT HE SAW TWO OBJECTS FLYING AT A FORTYFIVE DEGREE ANGLE NORTHEASTERLY OVER REDMOND AND

[Handwritten: SEP 30 1947] [Handwritten: 252]

[Stamp: RECORDED 62-83894-117]
[Stamp: FBI]
[Stamp: 34 SEP 23 1947]
