---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_3.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 3
page: 10
page_count: 190
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:04:52.361982+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_3 - Page 10

CONFIDENTIAL

COPY
AIR RESCUE SERVICE
DETACHMENT 8 (62d AAF BU)
McChord Field, Tacoma, Washington

4 August 1947

SUBJECT: Final Mission Report
TO: Commanding Officer
   Air Rescue Service
   MacDill Field, Florida

1. MISSION NUMBER Thirty-Nine.

2. NATURE.

a. At 0400 PST, 1 August 47, ARMY FLIGHT SERVICE notified this detachment that a plane had been seen to crash and burn thirteen (13) miles south of KELSO, Washington (46°8'N, 122°55'W).

3. ACTION TAKEN

a. 1 Aug 47. At 04:30 PST, AFS received information from Mr. O. C. Clark, local sheriff of KELSO, Wash., that the scene of the crash was fifteen (15) to twenty (20) miles east of KELSO in the vicinity of GOBLE CREEK. The KELSO Chief of Police saw an aircraft fly low over the town, then crash and burn to the east. The time was about 0236 PST. A check of aircraft known to be in the vicinity revealed that B-25 #1316 had departed MCCHORD FIELD at 0212 PST for HAMILTON FIELD, California. The weather was reported as CFR. A full moon made visibility exceptionally good. The pilot's name was CAPT. W. C. DAVIDSON; the plane carried three (3) additional persons. The Base Operations Officer and Base PIO were notified. This detachment began organizing a ground party of base personnel to supplement that being formed by the KELSO Chief of Police. At 0500 PST information was received from KELSO by AFS that ground fog in the valleys at the scene of the crash was preventing a ground party from locating the plane. Since no communication had been received from B-25 #1316, it was assumed that it was the plane reported as crashed. ARS C-47 was pre-flighted to transport the Army ground party to KELSO but a check of the field conditions there deemed it advisable to use a smaller aircraft. Of the two C-45s available, one belonging to AFS was unserviced after a night flight; the other, belonging to AACS, was readied even though a responsible officer of that organization was not present to authorize the flight. Fog at KELSO prevented take-off until 0700 PST. The ground party, led by CAPT. W. L. LITTRELL and CAPT. T. H. FORSBERG, consisted of six men including a medical technician and a photographer. At 0600 PST, the KELSO Chief of Police notified AFS that a passenger of the crashed airplane was in his office and had confirmed

Incl #8                                     62-83894-102    ENCLOSURE
                                            CONFIDENTIAL
