---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_4"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_4.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_4.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 4
page: 98
page_count: 214
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:13:18.076029+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_4 - Page 98

After we finished taking our pictures and discussing the object among ourselves, Mr. PERSON expressed an intention of obtaining a truck and hauling the object to his shop. I cannot say at this time whether he did this or not or where the object may be at this particular date. We finished our observation and picture taking at approximately 5:30 or 6 P.M. on December 7.

In response to Mr. Fleming's inquiry, there was no radio equipment noted on the object in any fashion or form.

We returned to Pasadena, California, that evening arriving in Hollywood about 9 or 9:30 P.M. I took some more pictures that night along Hollywood Boulevard on the unfinished roll of film and then wetn over the Chinese Theatre and took a picture of the signature of George Raft and finished the roll. I bought another roll of film, and took them to the Eastman Kodak Company the following Monday which would be December 13, 1948. As I recall, this Eastman shop was on Los Palmas Street in Los Angeles, California. They informed me they would develop the film and that it would be ready on Thursdayt. I left California on Wednesday so they mailed the film to me at my business address, Humble Oil Building, Room 159, Houston, Texas. I received these films on December 23, 1948.

After my return from California I mentioned to several of my business and social acquaintances that I had seen his object, a disc or saucer or whatever you might call it, and told them that I had taken pictures and would be glad to show them when the pictures arrived. As stated, I received the film on December 23 and at 1:30 P.M. on the same date I showed the film in the projection room at Humble Oil to the following: D.W. BLAIR; J. HATTAWAY; B.A. PETERSON; JAMES S. OLIVIER; WILLIAM RIED, JR.; A.E. MELETON; WAYNE CRAWFORD; D.A. BATTLE and two other men whose names I do not recall. All of these men work in the instrument shop with me at Humble Oil & Refining Company. I also showed the film to my brother-in-law, E. KULAK, of Pasadena, Texas, at home on the following night.

On Christmas Day I met some friends and one of the girls was with a young boy who was interested in photography. I do not know his name but he works at Southern Pacific. I told him I had some pictures of the flying disc but I did not show him the pictures but explained the disc. I think this boy is the person who had his friend at the newspaper contact me.

-4-
