---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_4"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_4.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_4.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 4
page: 95
page_count: 214
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T15:13:16.512922+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_4 - Page 95

B02

Houston, Texas
Dec. 28, 1948

I, LONNIE EDWARD NOACK, residing 2921 Chicago Street, Houston 17, Texas, make the following statement to Special Agent Robert B. Fleming and Christopher R. Bradley, representatives of the Office of Special Investigation, Ellington OSI Detachment, Ellington Field, Texas, and Special Agents Graham W. Kitchel and Galen N. Willis who I know to be Special Agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

On Monday afternoon December 6, 1948, at about 6 P.M., Mr. R.C. PERSON, Mr. NATHAN SMITH, Mr. C.A. TOCE, Mr. ROBERT BROUSSARD and another man, name not recalled, and I had dinner at the Old Virginia Inn, Los Angeles, California. After dinner we went back to Mr. Smith's electrical manufacturing company which he owns and operates in Los Angeles, California. Mr. PERSON told us about seeing a flying disc and we made an appointment to leave early the next morning by car, with our cameras, to go to the location of the disc. Mr. PERSON was detained at some private air field so we did not leave until about 2 P.M. on December 7, 1948. We arrived at the scene of the flying disc and took pictures of the disc which was still lying around. Mr. SMITH took about 10 feet of 16 mm film and Mr. PERSON took five or six shots with a Speed Graphic Camera. He noticed that the first three shots were taken when the adapter on his lens was closed too much and I don't know if they turned out all right. Mr. SMITH suggested I hold the flying disc up and rotate it around and he would take my picture with my camera. After taking the pictures, we patched the fence of Mr. PERSON's property where people had been cutting the wire to get to a road. We left and then drove back and had dinner at Eaton's Inn and they took me back home to Hollywood, California.

I would like to recite that I left Houston, Texas 11:30 A.M. on Sunday, December 5, 1948, for California by plane and flew to Hollywood, California on a commercial plane on business matters. On arriving in Hollywood, I met Mr. PERSON in Hollywood on Monday, December 6, 1948, and at that time he told me about the flying disc he had located. He stated he had gone to Las Vegas by his personal plane and saw the disc from the air on his way back.
