---
source_title: "65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_10"
source_file: "/Users/pro16/Dropbox/experiments/UFO-USA/downloads/war-gov-ufo-release-1/65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_10.pdf"
source_url: "https://www.war.gov/medialink/ufo/release_1/65_hs1-834228961_62-hq-83894_section_10.pdf"
asset_type: "PDF"
dataset_row: 1
page: 15
page_count: 184
model: "gemini-3.1-flash-lite"
generated_at: "2026-05-08T14:56:54.704942+00:00"
---

# 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_10 - Page 15

Document title: 65_HS1-834228961_62-HQ-83894_Section_10
Page: 15 of 184

***

### [Top Left Clipping]

**Head Saucerer Believes Martians Are Watching Us**

**By Harold Scarlett**

Was Jesus Christ a Martian?

"It's hard to say," said Gabriel Green thoughtfully. Then he added that it certainly seems plausible.

It's no trick at all to walk on water or ascend to the heavens if you have a Martian levitation belt around your waist and an anti-gravity beam to ride, Green explained.

Furthermore, he said, the Martians now visiting earth on flying saucers are trying to save the earth's people from their own follies — just as the Savior was.

Green can speak with some authority on these matters because, he says, he met and talked with a Martian once. Also a four-foot man from the Alpha Centauri star system. Also some other unearthly visitors.

SOMETIMES, he said, he met these flying saucer creatures by telepathic appointments. These were arranged through associates of his with telepathic talents.

"I do this in a while," he said, "they would just call on the phone."

Green, who lives in Los Angeles, is the head saucerer — the president — of the Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America.

Not being too telepathic, we just called Green on the phone to interview him about the recent rash of flying saucer sightings around the country.

"It is a continuation of their efforts to enlighten us," Green replied in calm and cultured tones.

"The current series of sightings and landings, I understand, will increase. They are not going to do away, as some members of our government would like."

WHY DO THEY keep buzzing down here and scaring people?

"What with nuclear proliferation growing, it seems rather obvious that unless we start resolving the present problems facing mankind, we will destroy ourselves and perhaps some of the universe along with us," Green explained.

"This is one of the primary reasons why the extra-terrestrials started making visitations in 1947, shortly after we developed this ability — to watch over us and if possible to impart their advanced scientific, technological and sociological knowledge to help us resolve these problems before we destroy ourselves."

Green said he is doing to do his humble best to help them spread that message.

"The solutions they have given," he said, "deal primarily with resolving the problem, our world expansionism and poverty. They hope to eliminate the have-not nations... through superior financing. They have an advanced economy system they call Universal Economics. The economics part of it is what I personally am trying to transmit."

HE SAID RUEFULLY, however, that the saucer clubs themselves are in an economic pinch that has prevented needed research.

Green said he runs the saucer clubs out of his own home, at 2004 North Hoover in Los Angeles, "to cut down on the overhead." He said there are clubs in 50 major U.S. cities and abroad, with a total of about 3,500 members. Houston has no club, he said, but he does have some interested Houstonians on his mailing list.

"We are a contact-oriented research group," he said, "meaning that many of our members have made actual physical contact with crews of these craft."

Green said he has sighted 85 to 100 spacecraft around Los Angeles over the years and has met "half a dozen or so members of the crews."

BUT GREEN BELITTLED his own experiences.

"They're so insignificant it's hardly worth talking about them," he said. "Some of our members have actually been taken for rides in spacecraft.

"I certainly wouldn't turn down a ride if it were offered me. But they've never asked me."

Green said he met the Martian by appointment at a friend's home, and he looked "just like anybody you'd meet on the street." He was casually dressed, Green said, and wore a short-sleeve, shimmery, metallic-looking shirt which he said would stop bullets.

All in all, a handsome chap, Green said.

"I felt his hair and it was quite coarse and worn in a V-shape down toward the center of the forehead," Green said. "But I rather doubt all Martians wear their hair alike, any more than we do.

"HE SAID THE MARTIAN canals were really canals for distributing the short water supply from their polar regions, and that the two Martian moons are really artificial satellites just like the Russian astronomers have supposed."

Green said he had met the Alpha Centauri man several times — once in the Green home.

"He was dressed ordinarily and was about four feet tall, although this was unusual. Most of the reports of them are that they are normal height or taller," Green said.

"There was that space ship that landed near Albuquerque, for instance, with a crew of four men and five women. They were very beautiful, very well proportioned. Seven to nine feet tall."

Green said he had met other interstellar travelers but would "rather not go into the whole list."

WHERE DID they park their space ships while they were visiting him?

"OH, SOMETIMES they park them — hang them up in the sky with a force field around them. Then they have an anti-gravity beam and levitation belts they wear around the waist to get on down to earth.

"Through these, they can accommodate each drive — the water and ascending into the heavens."

Green said he is 41 and was a photographer with the Los Angeles Board of Education until he resigned in 1959 to try to help the spacemen save civilization.

Green said naturally he asked to take the spacemen's picture, but they refused and he abided by their wishes.

"An associate of mine once tried to sneak a couple of flash pictures," he said, "but two times the flash gun wouldn't fire, even though the camera was in perfect working condition.

"THAT DEMONSTRATES the powers of these kind of people. Just

[Cartoon Caption]: "Parking between my ball and the green—I'd hardly call that intelligent life from another planet." (Cartoon by Fischetti)

[Photo Caption]: SAUCER OR STRAW HAT, THIS FLEW IN CALIFORNIA LAST AUGUST. Highway Patrolman Rej Hoffin Photographed It Through His Car Windshield.

[Source]: THE PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER, MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 18, 1966

***

### [Top Center Clipping]

**Saucer Sighting Report**

DETROIT, MICHIGAN, MARCH 30, 1966

Five sightings were reported in Detroit of unidentified flying objects, observed in the sky and in the northwest Detroit area.

Northwest Precinct police station had three reports, Greenfield-Eight and Palmer Park, one.

In Michigan, 7:30 p.m., seventeen year old Mike Woods, 8418 Faust, stated that he saw a very high object with white lights hovering, north, then southwest, in the Faust-Fenkell area.

Eddie Crunk, 17, 19740 Glastonbury and his companions, Robert Spallino, 15, 19743 Glastonbury, were standing in front of over Crunk's home at about 8:20 p.m. Crunk said that the UFO came from the west, stopped for a moment and then was seen going east, with a light in the center. Then it went to green and then amber.

At 8:45 p.m., sixteen year old Mike Woods, 8418 Faust, Virgil saw something with a white light hovering over the near Virgil and Glendale. He stated that he then went to the same time on Sunday night.

A 39-year-old man reported seeing a saucer activity. But he had observed something with red, yellow and green rotating lights at 11:17 p.m. Sunday night. Mike also said he saw the object near his home, and then it was slowly moving about a mile away.

Karen Killebrew, 17, 15587 LaSalle, was walking to the store near at the West Ford midnight, when she noticed an object in the sky. It appeared to be about 150 yards away, hovering in the lower sky port and stood motionless over the area being Fenkell-Ford near Linwood. It was approximately 500 feet in the air, 9 feet long with a red light on the left and a green light on the right.

Miss Ellington told police that the object stopped twice and then, started moving. Its path of travel was from the east to the west.

She said she had seen others around the first of May.

[Photo Caption]: GABRIEL GREEN, Head Saucerer

[Text]: like Uncle Martin on 'My Favorite Martian.'

Green said he had never seen one of the unearthings these rise about ship. Then how could he be sure they weren't a hoax — practical joking earthlings just putting him on?

"Oh, I wouldn't believe just anyone who walked up to me and he was from Mars," Green replied.

"But if you call a white from the House and were told President Eisenhower would meet you at a certain time on the corner of Hollywood and Vine, and you went, and a man there who looked like the President called you by name, wouldn't you believe he was Eisenhower?"

Green said he once asked a spaceling to prove himself by disappearing.

"BUT HE REFUSED and told me to walk away," Green said. "He was on a balcony five floors high, and I walked down a hallway for three or four seconds and turned and looked back and he was gone. There was no logical place for him to go from that balcony.

Green believes the spacemen are undoubtedly friendly, just as they profess to be, or otherwise they could have destroyed this world long ago.

"They say they want nothing but us but our friendship," he said. "They would never destroy us. That would be a violation of their code of life. They revere all living things."

Apparently they do have lapses, though.

"There was one decision that if any nation on earth fires a nuclear warhead, it will fact back on the people who fired it," Green said. "I don't know."

[Source]: 2-Nevada State Journal, Tuesday, May 10, 1966

***

### [Top Right Clipping]

**OAKLAND TRIBUNE**
**53RD YEAR, NO. 81**
**TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1966**

**Eerie 1896 Sighting**

**By JIM HAZELWOOD**

The so-called Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) that Sunday in Michigan by at least 60 people, recall a bizarre story which appeared in The Tribune 70 years ago.

The date was Nov. 23, 1896, and it reported that many persons saw an "airship" flying over Oakland.

But this date was 10 years before the Wright brothers made the first successful heavier-than-air flight at Kitty Hawk.

Aerial balloons, however, had been known for decades.

The Oakland "airship" was the talk of the town for days and a number of other sightings followed — in fact, from as far away as Red Bluff.

Although the original story said the craft resembled a "huge bird," later sightings described it as egg-shaped with lights on the hull.

It should be borne in mind that shapes in obscure and estimates of airspeed were still sciences of the future when the following story, reproduced in part, was written.

"That a huge airship has been hovering over Oakland for the last few nights has in the minds of many been conclusively proven. A number of persons whose integrity is unquestionable have seen the strange navigator of the air and this number includes many whose skepticism has been pronounced.

"Last evening at about 7:30 o'clock, the passengers on an Alameda car were startled by the sight of a brilliant stream of light high in the heavens in the direction of Hayward.

"The passengers distinctly saw the outline of an airship and observed the aeronaut's light in the skies. The ship resembles a huge bird in its outlines and seemed to rise and fall in its course. A light streamed from the head of the ship, throwing a white stream of light for several hundred yards.

"As the outlines of the airship were plainly discerned, the passengers 13, the shape and the came greatly excited."

Some explanations had then been noted by a man who had been idly watching the heavens.

As soon as he perceived the light, he attracted the attention of the other passengers and all, intensely interested, watched the peculiar machine as it made its way through the skies.

"It was high in the heavens. It appeared to be of huge size. It had been seen 8 months before floating near San Leandro. It moved rapidly, going at least 20 miles an hour. It shot across the heavens and southward, then it turned quickly and disappeared in the direction of Hayward.

"Not only was the airship seen by the passengers, but many other residents of the city distinctly saw the brilliant light and the huge bird-like body floating in mid-air.

"None of the spectators were acquainted with each other and yet their stories are startlingly similar, agreeing as to time, direction of the airship, and description."

These facts leave little doubt in the minds of many people that a successful airship has been invented and is navigating the heavens.

***

### [Middle Left Clipping]

**More Than 5 Million People Say They Fly Saucers**

**By GEORGE GALLUP**

More than five million American adults claim to have seen a "flying saucer." And, about 15 million say they have seen "something" in the sky which they believe to be a flying saucer.

These are the principal findings of a Gallup poll survey of the American people on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Since late in the 1940's, scientists and military groups have been investigating reports of these objects — often called unidentified flying objects (UFOs). They have held a congressional hearing at least once.

How do typical Americans feel about flying saucers? How many have seen them? How many believe there is life elsewhere in the universe?

More than 130 Gallup Poll interviewers have been asking the following typical Americans — men and women — in all educational levels and in all parts of the nation. A tabulation of their statements and views reveals the following:

First, almost everyone (96 percent) has at least heard or read something about flying saucers. This fact is not fully publicized by these objects, as the public seems to be seen as unusual. However, in the public's mind, the existence of other heavenly bodies and the possibility of other life is not seen as extraordinary, high in fact.

This awareness score is one of the highest in the history of the Gallup Poll.

Are flying saucers a hoax? Most of the people in the college educated groups, and those who have not been to college, school claim to have seen a flying saucer.

This represents quite a change in public attitudes toward the credibility of "flying saucers" since a Gallup survey conducted this awareness score is one of the highest in the history of the Gallup Poll.

Further analysis of these data [illegible] 20 years ago. At that time, Gallup reports show, most of the pre-saucers were noted first-four-fifths of certain population groups.

What does this mean? The public is not easily fooled. The Air Force claims that flying saucers are not "imaginary." Forty-eight percent of about half of the U.S. adult population hold this opinion — 29 percent describe it as "a figment of the imagination." The rest cannot make up their minds.

This represents quite a change in public attitudes toward the credibility of "flying saucers" since a Gallup survey conducted 2) Actual vehicles from outer space.

3) Burning gas, "swamp gas."

4) Meteors, shooting stars.

5) Weather balloons.

6) Supernatural revelations.

Those who believe they are seeing something from outer space account for 6 percent.

Most people do are living in the credibility of the space age believe there is life elsewhere, as it would be, as we know it, on other planets.

Many scientific authorities believe that intelligent life must exist everywhere in the universe, because the statistical odds are large that there are millions of planets in the universe enough like our own to support life, as we know it.

One person in every three (34 percent) in the United States in this survey said they believe that life does exist on other planets.

Again, persons with the most education are more likely to believe in the existence of intelligent life on other planets.

***

### [Middle Right Clipping]

**87 Observe 'Object'**

Binghamton, N.Y., October 24, 1965

**THE SUNDAY PRESS**

**ENCOUNTER WITH A SPACE SHIP**

**'I Know What I Saw'; Egg-Shaped, Craft**

**By KEITH GEORGE**

Newark Valley—Gary T. Wilcox is a young man dogged by rumors.

People say his dairy farm has gone bust because nothing will grow on the land.

Others visit him on the street express surprise, saying he has a farm in a in a New York City hospital suffering from radiation burns.

One story has it his land is under guard for government study and that there is a military post in the pasture where nothing will grow.

The handsome, 28-year-old farmer says the source of the basis for the rumors, is the October 24th, 1965, encounter with a space crew 17 months ago.

This happened, Mr. Wilcox says.

"Through the glasses it was two hours. I was talking with them and they talked to me them."

Mr. Wilcox touched the metallic-like, egg-shaped craft and H y n e k [redacted] and he said he had guarded occupants explain in [redacted] English that they from Mars, he said. When he [redacted] to get down a [redacted] he told him the [redacted] the ship lifted off the ground and was out of sight in seconds, he recalled.

In the weeks after he reported the incident to the Tioga County Sheriff's Department, curious people visited his farm by the dozens.

They told him who [redacted] said they were from government agents and others who identified themselves as officials of the IBM Space Guidance Center in nearby Owego, the farmer said. Most reported UFO sightings wanted to see the landing spot.

One man who also claimed to be a saucer-teller told Mr. Wilcox he had hitchhiked from Massachusetts to talk to him. Other spaceship fans telephoned him. "He had the telephone removed from his dairy barn because he was tiring so often he couldn't keep up with the stories," he said.

If any responsible agency ever determined exactly what happened in that remote corner of his farm last spring, he has yet to hear about it.

Mr. Wilcox did not seem particularly happy to see a reporter show up at his farm. He said he has made a lot of money from cattle.

When the reporter arrived, the farmer was in the hayloft, pitching down feed for the noontime snack of his 60 cows.

"I just have so much time to get this work done, so I can't stop," he said. "This is the kind of work you should be doing," he joked. "Taking care of 60 cows and working this farm, you see."

Mr. Wilcox has an afternoon and evening job as janitor at Berkshire School.

"I don't know where all these stories are coming from now. I thought it was all over last year, but now everybody is talking again.

"The best one is about me being in a New York City hospital with radiation burns. I have never been near New York. It on the radio. I've never been in a hospital in my life.

"Then some woman put in the newspaper that there was no grass growing where that thing landed. There was grass there and was growing there. But there's corn now.

"Nobody ever talked to me about these things. They just keep telling stories."

In answer to a question, Mr. Wilcox said his interest in the mysterious craft and its crew and his subsequent speculation over the report has not hurt his personal life.

"I just don't worry about it. I know what I saw and other people have seen things. I even thought somebody was playing a joke on me, but I was in the service for six years and not even jet planes take off that fast."

"I do have to do do over again, would keep the incident a secret?"

"No. I've got nothing to hide. I would report it. If I saw another one today I'd do the same thing. Then people would say I'm crazy."

Mr. Wilcox, who is unmarried and lives in the village, said he had a lot of stock in the mornings. A man named Miller, said he has thousands of the 300-acre farm does the milking. Mr. Wilcox also owns a farm near Owego where he grows feed crops, he said.

He gives the impression that he would like to believe the whole episode was a joke of some type, yet knows it wasn't. He said he thinks that eventually the explanation will be supplied to him and the rest of the world.

"A man down in Berkshire tells me that the stories are this recently, too. I'm not the only one."

The two human-like creatures whose features were hidden under uniforms and hoods, and who were from space travelers, he said.

But he has no better explanation.

She said that she noticed a porter stopped at a diner and invited flying saucer conversation from the waitress.

"That's where they say it landed," she said, pointing to the hill. "But I don't see the hill. I don't think he was there that day. Miller was on a reliable man and he says if he saw it, I believe him. They say there's a spot up there where no grass will grow. Because of the fuel it was used."

***

### [Bottom Left Clipping]

**A-8 Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, Tuesday, May 17, 1966**

**UFO PLAYS TAG With Deputies in 85-Mile Chase**

RAVENNA, O., April 17 (UPI). Portage County sheriff's head-light so bright he couldn't look reported the object, which had something like an antenna pro-caught by radar" in Pittsburgh. He said that at least seven jets from the Cleveland-area headed for the object after it was.

The control tower at Greater Pittsburgh Airport said it spotted no UFOs on its radar screen.

[Handwritten note]: 3-25-66
[Handwritten note]: It's flying-saucer-sighting time and I'm determined to see one!

***

### [Bottom Center Clipping]

**THE SHEBOYGAN PRESS, Monday, April 18, 1966**

**Sheriff Aides Chase A UFO; 2 Say 'Object'**

Portage County Deputy Sheriff Dale Spaur and W. R. Neff were [illegible] the two table saucers put together.

Portage County Deputy Sheriff Douglas J. Harvey said that a partner, W.L. Neff, "were [illegible] the object and he was seen from the ground Spaur said it was [illegible] the object in the [illegible] Ravenna to Conway, Pa., near Pittsburgh.

Spaur said he clocked it at [illegible] at 85 miles an hour. He said from the ground Spaur said it was [illegible] the object, a 9 foot light, about 40 feet wide and 18 feet high.

Police Chief Gerald Buchert of Ravenna, stated eight police [illegible] were very strict. "Something [illegible] the object was in the [illegible] said. "It wasn't just floating around. It can maneuver."

***

### [Bottom Right Clipping]

**The Ventura County (Calif.) Star-Free Press**
**4-1-66**

**Two In County Claim They Saw 'Glowing' UFO**

At least two Ventura County people saw a glowing object Wednesday night, shooting overhead over the Point Mugu area.

Mrs. Marvin Miller of the Pacific St., Ventura, said today that she spotted the object at 8:55 p.m. Wednesday as she and Mrs. Miller said, "But then I from Los Angeles.

She said that she noticed the as they were driving through Thousand Oaks. "It looked like an airplane in a dive at first," Mrs. Miller said, "but then I saw a glowing tail and sparks flew. It went off. This wasn't my idea about an airplane."

At the same time, about 20 miles to the north, a Fillmore man saw what appeared to be plane. "It was in a dive," said Alvin Caples of 831 Olive St., Fillmore.
